README.md, before:

# Note-Taker

## Description

Your assignment is to modify starter code to create an application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

## Demo

<a href="">Note Taker Demo Vid</a>

## Installation



## Usage



## Credits



## User Story

As a small business owner I want to be able to write and save notes so that I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete.

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a note-taking application

WHEN I open the Note Taker

THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page

WHEN I click on the link to the notes page

THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text

THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page

WHEN I click on the Save button

THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear

WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column

THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation

WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page

THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears

## Contact Me

Email: [devinjl665@gmail.com](mailto:devinjl665@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20Source%20Han%20Sans)

Commit message:

Removed debugging code and finished readme

README.md, after:

# Note-Taker

## Description

Your assignment is to modify starter code to create an application called Note Taker that can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

## Demo

<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/132rweqFXMYYWc8AdQ5N4nLBtSiXwo_SU/view?usp=drive_link">Note Taker Demo Vid</a>
<a href="https://deployed-note-taker-app-bae9e3820e63.herokuapp.com/notes">Deployed Heroku App</a>

## Installation

Run "npm install" in the integrated terminal to update to latest modules. To run localhost enter "npm start" in command line and follow link.

## Usage

Once the localhost is launched, click "get started" to start writing down your notes. Once you enter a title and subtext, you will be able to save the note. If you need to start over, press the "clear form" button. If not, press the "save note" button. It will be saved in the left-hand column. After completing a task or no longer needing a specific note, you can delete by clicking on the red trash can icon.

## Credits

I wrote this code with the help of the Wash U in Saint Louis Coding Bootcamp coursework, Stack Overflow, W3Schools, 

## User Story

As a small business owner I want to be able to write and save notes so that I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete.

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a note-taking application

WHEN I open the Note Taker

THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page

WHEN I click on the link to the notes page

THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text

THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page

WHEN I click on the Save button

THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear

WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column

THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation

WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page

THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears

## Contact Me

Email: [devinjl665@gmail.com](mailto:devinjl665@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20Source%20Han%20Sans)
